more news and news about the new
goddess that is going to be introduced in is mike
The truth is that these developments have
a time then since we know them from
the last part but as it has not come out
for now nothing more about this goddess
Well, I decided to make a video
with which I know that at least you have
some information and you can go doing
assumptions
good so creating jaime so as in
the whole new currency is going to be called being
that everything being so I do not know very well how
pronounce is an Egyptian goddess I know that a
many like the Egyptian gods like this
that many will love the fact
that this goddess is from there and the
It really is a goddess for quite
curious what I have enough desire
because she is the goddess in principle of the
scorpions and also from the healing of
poisonous things is not like that for a
part bad thing is to say the scorpions
the damage and on the other hand the
healing of spades and stings
of them in the poison with which
I really want to see it really
how
in seals we do not know anything practically
about his abilities and his passive ni
nothing only if it seems by the
dating mania although it is not sure is that its
passive so it's going to have two species
of mechanics as in two instances not
we know if it's going to be gel type if it's going to be
blair guy we do not know exactly how
it's going to be but it says good there will be a
kind of jump
good if at least something forward or
towards the directions to be able
move more quickly and then
we have another skill that seems to be going
to be something similar to a given is to say
to a kind of cargo so I do not
We know exactly how I tell you how it goes
to be this goddess that will include
but I have enough desire for several
things not the first is that I already have
have long been eager for
take out a goddess a god in smile with
form let's say monster we do not have
that the enamel of many gods or things
that they are not gods like demigods
monsters but most have form
human except a pair that are both of
acne and perhaps although good also a
little because the truth is that most
they have as I tell you human form and
that on the one hand is fine but to me
I would also like that
some some gods that they had then
it is shaped like a monster and they were
very spectacular would you tell me and
Lucas is facing and such but good the
truth is that I would also like no more
more gods is for example if I had
a form of scorpion because you know by
example that with style and there was quite
we hopped for a goddess like that of
his last example and yet later
with that little girl but then there's the
The last truth is that it transforms
totally and I tell you that I would like
at least personally that it was
something like a kind of scorpion
giant with human head or something by the
style and it's also quite interesting
the fact that it is so
say half scorpion half healer
because you can good can take advantage
of that the boys will stop doing for
example that is a tank and that covers
the allies at the same time that ball inflicts a
little damage with your poison because
I suppose he will have poison skills
being the goddess of the scorpions of
poison and good then also to be able
focus obviously being málaga
being a guardian we do not know at the moment
but those of seven as pretty enough
curious to see how everything is going
how hired is taking the news
about this god and as well
evidently they are implanted above and
finally not so nothing and I tell you
how good are they going
updates or keep reporting by
twitter and even here if it's any
very fat and fruits to taste and what if
we help mike to this other